>> Will Sentance: We've build out, though,
for here a full server in three lines,
say to function, just do it one more time.
Say to function, use the label
hb.createserver that sets up a no
background feature, which really is not
really about setting something up in Node,
more importantly about setting something
up in the computer's internals and
open channel to the Internet.
Perfect, and
in order that we can set up what port,
what entry point we come in at,
which needs to be 80 because that's what
the browser request
defaults to entering at.
It's arriving at 80, so
you better have opened port 80.
We were able to do that
because hdp.createServer,
the label that sets up the port, the
socket, not the port, sorry, the socket.
Also returned out an object
full of functions,
it's called an edit
functions that when run,
tapped into this instance of the Node HTP
feature, and updated the port to 80.
We can do other stuff,
we can edit more stuff,
there's a whole bunch of functions
on here that allow us to edit.
We're gonna see a few
more of them in a moment.
And then, when the inbound message came
in, we didn't panic with what to do.
We didn't have to have the JavaScript
code running, running, running,
running whenever the message came in.
Instead, we relied on Node to
automatically trigger the running of some
JavaScript code, executing it, put it in
an execution context to run the code.
And I think the most
important piece of all,
that 98% of even Node
developers don't really get,
it's gonna auto insert these two
objects that were automatically made
in Node in the JavaScript objects,
but automatically insert them.
And one of them is all the data from
the inbound message packaged up in
a nice format.
They basically take all
the pieces out of it.
They take the string or Node, and
they take and put as URL property, but
be really clear,
it does not arrive with a URL property.
The HTTP message, it's a string of text.
You can look at them, and
they do not look like that.
But we love jobs with objects.
So they put it in a nice bundle for
us, Node does.
And then it gives us an object full of
functions, nice bundle of functions,
all of which are linked to
the auto created response message,
not object, message that we can
add text to, or content to,
HTML files to, image data to,
JavaScript files to.
We see all this stuff to
come by running that,
some of the functions,
on that auto inserted second object.
One of the functions is end,
that one tells actually, overall,
Sam, as Sam rightly said, overall,
its job is to say hey, Node, the message
is ready to send back, go, end.
End's not a stupid,
end's a sensible name for it.
But actually, we can also pass to it
one thing that we want to send back
if you want to, but typically, we don't
use ends to add the data to send back.
Typically, we'll use something like
right to add the data to send back.
We'll see that all to come.
Okay, folk, here we go.
Messages that were sent in a HTTP format.
And this is the last code we're gonna see,
by the way,
before we hit pair programming.
We start to do this in action ourselves.
Messages are sent in HTTP format.
The protocol for
browser-server interaction.
That means the rules, the format of
data by which a message from the browser
is sent to Twitter's computer,
and lands in here.
It has a certain number of pieces to it.
Let's see.
Let's have actually a new person.
>> Will Sentance: Michael, Michael,
Michael, my friend, you've arrived, and
you're sending an inbound message.
And Michael, you're going to be in orange.
Here we go, your computer.
Michael's getting his microphone ready.
Microphone ready so he can, I mean, what?
But there you go,
Michael's Mac, there it is,
I'm not gonna try and
draw it any other way than I always have.
There it is.
Okay, he opens twitter.com/tweets.
It turns out this Twitter only
has one user, it's Michael.
/tweets, /3,
he opens it in the web browser.
Michael, why do you look concerned?
This is a fantastic thing to be searching.
There you go.
We wanna see his third tweet.
It instantly is going to send out over its
network feature an HTTP formatted message.
Okay, It has three parts to it.
>> Will Sentance: One,
let's do it up here.
One is known as the request line,
and this, he's trying to get data.
If you were posting a tweet, it would
be posting data, this is getting data.
So, the first, it says get,
and what part/tweet/3,
that's literally the first
line of HTTP request.
Well, actually, yeah, that's the first
line of your HTTP request, or
HTTP message, text message.
It's just a text message,
the first line is this.
>> Will Sentance: Or
does it say something else?
Anyway, whatever, second line, the second
piece or the second part are headers.
This is meta, that means data about data.
Meta data about Michael's Mac,
things like, it can be all sorts
of stuff like his browser type,
his, I don't know, location.
It can be all sort of things that
are important as information to help when
I get the inbound message to know
precisely what to send back to him.
Maybe I also have in there information
about whether he's logged in or not.
So that I can determine whether to be
able to send him out any data at all.
So there's all the metadata, and
then part three is the body.
This is if I'm sending more larger
data like if I was posting a tweet,
that tweet data would go in the body.
If I'm getting data,
I don't even need a body cuz I'm
not sending you anything besides
exactly what I want to get.
So here's the message.
In it's gonna come, whee,
okay, it's gonna come in here.
And this time, we're actually
going to get much more precise,
much more personalized than what we
sent back to our user from our server.
We're gonna write code to investigate.
So presumably, all this data is gonna
be bundled up on an object inside of,
with the help of node,
we're gonna look into it.
We're not just gonna ignore it.
Did you see, everybody,
where we ignored it last time?
We just sent back generically to Sarah
Rose welcome, using the end function.
This time, we're gonna look at
actually what Michael wants.
And from that, determine what we want to
attach to the message that gets sent back
using the end function.
>> Will Sentance: I have a feeling
that's what we're gonna do.
He's gonna want tweet number three.
That's gonna be hello.
>> Will Sentance: Okay, by the time
we've finished with this, people,
we have most of what it takes for
Netflix that uses Node to send you back,
I don't know, whatever,
what you watch on there.
My favorite show's not on there,
Superstore is not on.
The point of this was to say that we
all have almost all it takes for Hulu,
shout out to Hulu for having Superstore on
it, all it takes for Hulu to be able to
send back that video to the user when they
wanna see the new episode of Superstore,
by the time we've done this.
Cuz we're gonna introspect the inbound
message asking specifically for
the Superstore episode,
season three episode 16 right now,
the specific episode to be
able to send back to the user.
That's what we're gonna do here.
It's a larger scale, for sure.
But it's exactly the same paradigm
again and again and again.
Let's do it, people.
I'm gonna do a board clean, and
we're gonna walk through it together, and
this time, I'm gonna to call
on you quite a lot, people.
So be thinking what is
each thing doing here?
So I'm gonna be calling
on you quite a lot,
especially Michael cuz that look of
concern on his face just inspires so
much confidence in me that
he is gonna be my guy.
I'm very excited, Michael, thank you.